## FORMAT: <channel name> || <channel id> || <category>
## <channel name> can be anything - either stream or channel name. It will appear on the EPG though.
## <channel id> is used to match EPG data to the M3U8 playlist, so make it short and with no spaces. End it in '.yt' to show its from YouTube.
## <category> is used to group streams, so something like 'Music' or 'News' is recommended.

## FORMAT: <channel name> || <channel id> || <category>
## <channel name> can be anything - either stream or channel name. It will appear on the EPG though.
## <channel id> is used to match EPG data to the M3U8 playlist, so make it short and with no spaces. End it in '.yt' to show its from YouTube.
## <category> is used to group streams, so something like 'Music' or 'News' is recommended.

ImamAli Tv || ImamAli1.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XrAtmNHkn4o

ImamAli2 || ImamAli1.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKfg8aKuJzU

Karbala Tv || Karbala.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gN09-d3Uzuc

Karbala2 || Karbala.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yb_SmiaI5dc

Karbala3 || Karbala.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpnKsPRY35g

Karbala4 || Karbala.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0FTSwE_LIo

Karbala5 || Karbala.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=komjxEv_QM0

Karbala6 || Karbala.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASfVpLdS5T8

Karbala7 || Karbala.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USIC8EOem7c

Karbala8 || Karbala.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AH34C-9582I

Karbala9 || Karbala.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njGQbxRqauA

AlKafeel Tv || kafeel.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbbGMLANPHo

AlAbbaas Shrine || Abbaas.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4152vWjXlo

Karbala10 || Karbala.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAXb85EKMjk

Karbala11 || Karbala.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1cCmPg4maM

Karbala12 || Karbala.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPp7XXS8S9g

Karbala13 || Karbala.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLqseYKeB1Q

AlJawadain Tv || Jawadain.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ukkFvtXZc8

AlKufa || Kufa.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qo3B3EdY1d4

AlKufa2 || Kufa.yt || YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNg-hIdZbxE

Nat Geo WILD || NatGeoWILD.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJ3Yv572V1A

Matam || Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4MVOVrF4_A

Matam 1|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPBmaxM1A8Q

Matam 2|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlALptZQ3vQ

Matam 3|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xieJiX2Z7PU

Matam 4|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkUWXFAtKTc

Matam 5|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTqDuxuVPJw

Matam 6|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGx2thxuhmE

Matam 7|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1YFTjRute8

Matam 8|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kt3gzYBU6YY

Matam 9|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kft3aLaTfo

Matam 10|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLjIYMuItdU

Matam 11|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4FKXXNfFTc

Matam 12|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpBzpx2Wo14

Matam 13|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMhCBFBryX0

Matam 14|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojiHscSYsJY

Matam 15|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSxImHpL3zI

Matam 16|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmC-7671yvM

Matam 17|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brtGP7nC9O0

Matam 18|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nN24RGfzVwg

Matam 19|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XR--6s29AGU

Matam 20|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KN6oU0qNXI

Matam 21|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKYZLsotVr8

Matam 22|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Cr73I-hMRc

Matam 23|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBTtuCzuosk

Matam 24|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7SOFbhhC88

Matam 25|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ct8XO0aDTc

Matam 26|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jq9Y96RdaGI

Matam 27|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cr0_f-20Dtg

Matam 28|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKvAAVFrQfg

Matam 29|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_2VTpAWQIo

Matam 30|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSTnynZxg20

Matam 31|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-DiD6ydk4Q

Matam 32|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vceTkqYJy0U

Matam 33|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eS_RfXejDgw

Matam 34|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_Oy81vWKpA

Matam 35|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-O0FDv5Y_4

Matam 36|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3d-jwVdm9aQ

Matam 37|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EewTAWAgy8

Matam 38|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IlgMX8J6iig

Matam 39|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsliL0HXaf0

Matam 40|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lydgwIAWbQI

Matam 41|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6y9harW-vn8

Matam 42|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npel3AEgTwo

Matam 43|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BsubUP_hg9E

Matam 44|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSualPjHh40

Matam 45|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsUZsn7zkho

Matam 46|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=as9TecCEa3c

Matam 47|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LjoxAhnyiQI

Matam 48|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DidhT46MtRY

Matam 49|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFhbHq-yNgA

Matam 50|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oV5SHAg_BA

Matam 51|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQhvyyR9F2w

Matam 52|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFeup9Sma30

Matam 53|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxXpIoeC7zo

Matam 54|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGaNQiQcC7M

Matam 55|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXgy09Cohf4

Matam 56|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLwKhYCNgIE

Matam 57|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPmCvzKllCk

Matam 58|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zm56pP1rCXw

Matam 59|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67hjXM5DY0c

Matam 60|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXO6frp3dL8

Matam 61|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uezsD91y8A

Matam 62|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtKWUzodxAI

Matam 63|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XkalU5rJObY

Matam 64|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-H5NIr69Hg

Matam 65|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdQXnGpSi-4

Matam 66|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=det6mIUItTc

Matam 67|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cqWADngRno

Matam 68|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qN3E2wxW-kU

Matam 69|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31FvMracSwI

Matam 70|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gseBMzlyMto

Matam 71|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCFZ9uFqKyI

Matam 72|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vjk11acS1qo

Matam 73|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ipq7CMrfiO0

Matam 74|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tz_V5-jrF-4

Matam 75|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUzZrsbFxHo

Matam 76|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qa2363_GFpE

Matam 77|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpyj8yOJ9qE

Matam 78|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fM21cUgCRto

Matam 79|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxxcwRVtHTg

Matam 80|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVzdZqhPFy8

Matam 81|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxtdWeyDCEc

Matam 82|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRoR23BQoxQ

Matam 83|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZr0cEr7z24

Matam 84|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zxo4CvrvBDU

Matam 85|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCp1z9dDAKA

Matam 86|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyIHL4dDuI8

Matam 87|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7aIAAxMOj5E

Matam 88|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6oOwbUIjsME

Matam 89|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZphW_Q_ZKY8

Matam 90|| Matam.yt || YouTube YouTube Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Z3CcTyyFHc
